# Calorie Counter with Diet Tracker

Frontend hosted on [netlify](https://canthin.netlify.app)  
Backend hosted on [heroku]( https://caloriecounterapi.herokuapp.com)

**Backend Repository**: <https://github.com/DamiDavy/diet-tracker-backend>

Registration is available.
Or.
Here are my credentials: 
login – dami
password - MrPresident14,6.

### Distinctiveness and Complexity

This is single-page application for keeping track of the diet throughout the day and throughout the months.

Frontend and backend apps are divided into two repositories and are connected through **REST API**.

Authentication and storing user session are provided with token generated by **knox**.

Frontend is implemented on **React** with hooks.  
**Redux** is used as a state container on the frontend.  
Frontend project built by **Webpack**.  

Layout and design are made with **SASS**. Responsiveness is provided by CSS Media Queries.

### Functionality

**Authorized and unauthorized users** can find out calorie and nutrient content of foods which can be found by taping in search input or by category. They also may collect food basket in which the calorie content is summed up. And the last thing is opportunity to find out their recommended calorie intake. 

**Authorized users** can collect and save their food baskets binding a specific day. They can change day basket content any time. For example, during a day and watch what they have already eaten to keep track of the diet throughout the day. After saving they get the opportunity to watch a food diary as calendar. Every day is colored depending on the ratio of daily calories consumed to the recommended intake. Clicking on a day in calendar opens this day basket. And finally in order to have the opportunity to get the calorie ratio, users should count and save their recommended calorie intake. Which they always can update in case of changes in weight or physical activity.

### Technologies

Frontend: React, Redux, Webpack, SASS  
Backend: Django REST framework, knox
